hey guys welcome back so if you're
watching this video I have already
posted a video about this look right
here and this is my bad hair day slash
what I do to my hair if I have a twist
up fail or a brand up fail or some three
day old washing go but anyway the prop
the point of this video is to show you
guys this product and it's gonna be kind
of a product review and this is the
passionfruit curl control paste and this
is my lip brand curls I actually got
this from where do I get it from
Walgreens or CVS I think I got it from
Walgreens and just to give you guys an
idea of the consistency so what it looks
like and I've used quite a bit because I
use it really often the beauty of this
is it does not like it doesn't do weird
things on my hair when I put it on my
hair
it doesn't flake up it doesn't act
disgusting it doesn't leave white flakes
and here on the container it says it has
no sulfates no silicones no parabens no
mineral or petroleum oil makes me wonder
what's a Nestle's to be more of a
natural brand so that's good and the
ingredient list is probably gonna be in
the bottom I'll try to put it on there
the first ingredient is water and it has
a whole bunch of other oils and things
so be sure to check the bottom bar if
you want to know more about these so
anyway on the bottle this product claims
to smooth down unruly edges tame frizz
out of control curls and add amazing
Sheen
and all in one set what I use this for
is pretty much just taming these unruly
flyaways I don't necessarily slick down
baby hairs cuz I just I'm not I don't
know I'm not I've never been a fan of
like the whole baby hair crazy thing
like coming off I just I don't know why
never been a fan of it but what this
this product does is all day my hair
will stay in this updo nothing's gonna
come down and that's one thing I really
love about this if I do some sort of
like fun or if I put my hair in like a
headband and poof out the back the front
stays down all day and I absolutely love
it
most of the times I don't wash my hair
every single day anymore for some reason
my workouts have just become more weight
oriented as opposed to cardio so I'm not
sweating as much as I did when I was
doing insanity so really I didn't wash
my hair that often so what I do is I can
put this on my hair today
and by the next day I can put it again
and I don't get it like massive flakes
or build up or anything it just goes
back to like soft texture so I think
that's another thing I really like about
this this is supposed to be ten dollars
for four ounces I believe I don't know
if I don't know I feel like I should
have more product for ten dollars but I
will say it is worth it and I will
definitely keep this product as a staple
in my regimen force licking my edges
down it has no fat stuff in it and so I
don't really see why I would change I
try to edge control but it really didn't
work for me so this is what I am going
to be sticking with again this is my
curls and this is a passionfruit curl
control paste so if you guys are
interests
are you looking for something like this
I would definitely recommend this thank
you guys so much for watching check out
my blog if you have time it's still a
baby blog and I'm still working on it
but I have my hair regimen there and I'm
probably gonna put my skincare regimen
and a whole bunch of other stuff so
anyway thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you on my next video bye